RD-3694: set default color for ApproveButton (#140)
cloudify-cosmo/cloudify-ui-components: README.md

1. Static analysis and code style checks - `npm run lint`)
1. Unit tests - `npm run test:jest` (checks components logic)
1. Snapshot tests - `jest ./test/HtmlSnapshots.test.js` (checks components HTML structure)

> 1. Visual regression tests - `npm run test:loki` (Runs only in Jenkins. In order to update screenshots: download artifacts (`current.tar.gz`) from Jenkins generated during execution and paste them to `.loki\reference`)

Reviewer: Not to have nested brackets and to clarify it a bit more I would change it to:

```suggestion
1. Visual regression tests - `npm run test:loki` (takes screenshots of every story and compares them to reference images)

NOTE: Visual regression tests depends on the environment - OS and browser used. Reliable results matching reference images can be gather only using Jenkins. In order to update screenshots: 
* download and upack `current.tar.gz` taken from the Jenkins job artifacts
* replace relevant screenshots in `.loki/reference` directory
```

WDYT?
